docs: use v1beta1 API version (#553)
open-feature/open-feature-operator: docs/concepts.md

## Modes of flag syncs

- Kubernetes:  sync configuration that configures injected flagd sidecar instances to monitor the Kubernetes API 

>   for changes in flag configuration custom resources (`FeatureFlagSource`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for changes in flag definition custom resources (`FeatureFlag`).
```

I think this mentions the wrong CRD

- filepath:  sync configuration that creates and mounts ConfigMap files from flag configuration custom  resources

>   (`FeatureFlagSource`) and configures injected flagd sidecar instances to monitor them.

Author: good catch!

## Modes of flag syncs

> - Kubernetes:  sync configuration which configures injected flagd sidecar instances to monitor the Kubernetes API 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes:  sync configuration that configures injected flagd sidecar instances to monitor the Kubernetes API 
```

  for changes in flag configuration custom resources (`FeatureFlagSource`).

> - filepath:  sync configuration which creates and mounts ConfigMap files from flag configuration custom  resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- filepath:  sync configuration that creates and mounts ConfigMap files from flag configuration custom  resources
```

  (`FeatureFlagSource`) and configures injected flagd sidecar instances to monitor them.

> - grpc: sync configuration which listen for flagd compatible grpc stream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- grpc: sync configuration that listens for flagd compatible grpc stream
```

> - grpc: sync configuration which listen for flagd compatible grpc stream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- grpc: sync configuration that listens for flagd compatible grpc stream
```
